Translation of "Building on Lisk" into Indonesian (#264)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: tutorials/hello-world.md

//server/index.js
const { Application, genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet } = require('lisk-sdk'); // require application class, the default genesis block and the default config for the application

> configDevnet.app.label = 'HelloWorld-blockchain-application';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configDevnet.app.label = 'hello-world-blockchain-application';
```

> If you want to change any of the values for `configDevnet`, check out the [full list of configurations](../../lisk-sdk/configuration.md#list-of-configuration-options) for Lisk SDK and overwrite them like described in [step 7](#7-customize-the-default-configuration)

At this point, you already can start the node and the network, to verify that the setup was successful:

```bash
node index.js | npx bunyan -o short
```
`node index.js` will start the node, and `| npx bunyan -o short` will pretty-print the logs in the console.

If everything is ok, the following logs will be displayed:
```
$ node index.js | npx bunyan -o short
14:01:39.384Z  INFO lisk-framework: Booting the application with Lisk Framework(0.1.0)

> 14:01:39.391Z  INFO lisk-framework: Starting the app - HelloWorld-blockchain-application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14:01:39.391Z  INFO lisk-framework: Starting the app - hello-world-blockchain-application
```

	}
	
    /**
    * Prepares the necessary data for the `apply` and `undo` step.
    * The "hello" property will be added only to sender's account, therefore it's the only resource needed in the `applyAsset` and `undoAsset` steps. 
    */
    async prepare(store) {
        await store.account.cache([
            {
                address: this.senderId,
            },
        ]);
    }
    	
    /**
    * Validation of the value of the "hello" property, defined by the `HelloTransaction` transaction signer.
    * The implementation below checks, that the value of the "hello" property needs to be a string, no longer than 64 characters. 
    */
    validateAsset() {
        const errors = [];
        if (!this.asset.hello || typeof this.asset.hello !== 'string' || this.asset.hello.length > 64) {
            errors.push(
                new TransactionError(
                    'Invalid "asset.hello" defined on transaction',
                    this.id,
                    '.asset.hello',
                    this.asset.hello,
                    'A string value no longer than 64 characters',
                )
            );
        }
        return errors;
    }
    
    /**

>     * That's where the custom logic of the Hello World app is implemented. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *applyAsset is where the custom logic of the Hello World app is implemented. 
```

>     * It shows how to store an additional information about accounts using the `asset` field. The content of property of "hello" transaction's asset gets saved into the "hello" property of the account's asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Here we can store additional information about accounts using the `asset` field. The content of property of "hello" transaction's asset gets saved into the "hello" property of the account's asset.
```

>     * applyAsset() and undoAsset() use the information about the sender's account from the `store`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * applyAsset() and undoAsset() use the information about the sender's account from the `store`.
```
I would put this bullet point ahead of the second one

const { Application, genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet} = require('lisk-sdk'); // require application class, the default genesis block and the default config for the application
const HelloTransaction = require('./hello_transaction'); // require the newly created transaction type 'HelloTransaction'

> configDevnet.app.label = 'HelloWorld-blockchain-application';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configDevnet.app.label = 'hello-world-blockchain-application';
```

const { Application, genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet} = require('lisk-sdk'); // require application class, the default genesis block and the default config for the application
const HelloTransaction = require('./hello_transaction'); // require the newly created transaction type 'HelloTransaction'

> configDevnet.app.label = 'HelloWorld-blockchain-application';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configDevnet.app.label = 'hello-world-blockchain-application';
```
